Village Chief, don't kick us out
If we get kicked out
How can a family live?
Xiao Zhou
Don't let the village chief kick us out of the village
Really kicked out
We can only beg for food
You just bullied 3 children
When they scold them for being lonely and widowed, when they have a mother and no mother
Didn't you think how much damage it would do to them?
This Deng happened to be wrong.
I shouldn't have hit you
I shouldn't have called you sons.
No, I learned that from my grandmother
Damn child, what nonsense are you talking about?
When did I scold them?
With you, there is me
Don't beg for food
I don't want to go hungry either.
Mom is terribly hungry
This is the last time.
Next time I won't intrude
Xiao Zhou, please get busy with your home affairs first.
We'll see you another day.
You work first, I'll go first
It's all my fault
I neglected you on weekdays
Mr. Zhu
Didn't you just mention the motorcycle today?
Take Xiaodong Xiaohan for a ride
Dad, okay?
You can go.
Ah!
Yeah, Ji, what are you doing?